Nialexsan/page improvements (#261)
onflow/docs: docs/building-on-flow/governance.mdx

---
title: Governance

> description: Learn about Flow's governance model and how it empowers the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about Flow's governance model and how it's empowering our community of users and builders.
```
